Use Case UC1:  Follow A Game
Dave York & Erik Kerber
SEIS 635 Saturday
Scope:  GameDayTweet System

Level:  user goal

Primary Actor:  Follower

Stakeholders and Interests:
* Follower:  Wants to be able to receive relevant information about the game they are following.  Wants to be able to avoid receiving information about the game from certain sources.  Wants to be able to easily begin to receive the information as well as easily stop receiving the information when they are finished following the game.
* Contributor:  Wants to contribute to the information that will be followed by others.  Wants many people to hear their contribution.
* Twitter:  Wants to increase the number of contributors and followers using the application.
* Advertiser:  Wants their advertisements to be viewed by more people.

Preconditions:  

Follower must be a Twitter user and be authenticated in order to submit Tweets within the system.

Success Guarantee:  

Follower is able to easily begin to follow a game, and easily stop following a game.  Follower is able to easily control what feeds they are receiving and filter out those they do not want to receive.    

Main Success Scenario:
1. Follower launches the GameDayTweet app with a desire to follow the tweets related to a game.
2. Follower authenticates with Twitter.
3. Follower sees a list of current events that are able to be followed and chooses from the list of events.  
4. Follower sees a list of recommended contributors.
5. Follower chooses whether to take the system recommendation to follow each potential contributor.
6. Follower accepts the list of recommended contributors and indicates to the system that it is ready to begin following the tweets related to the game.
7. System delivers tweets to the Follower while they are authenticated until the event is complete or the Follower stops following the game.
1) 
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 

Extensions:
a.  At any time, Viewer provides user authentication information:
1. Viewer provides user authentication information.
2. System authenticates user information.
2a.  System fails to authenticate user information and signals error to the viewer.
2b.  Viewer modifies and resubmits user authentication information and resubmits.
3. System presents information to the user differently because they are authenticated.  e.g., by allowing them to Tweet.
b. At any time, Viewer chooses to log themselves out of the system:
1. Viewer chooses to log themselves out of the system.
2. System logs user out of the system.
3. System presents information to the user differently because they are not an authenticated user,  e.g., by no longer allowing them to Tweet.



Special Requirements:
* The user will be able to refresh the list of Tweets, or the application will automatically refresh the list every 30 seconds.
* Search results list delivered to the user within 2 seconds 90% of the time.

Technology and Data Variations List:
a.  The application will be developed only for the iPhone and iPod.

Frequence of Occurrence:  Could be nearly continuous.  

Open Issues:  
* If the user leaves the application, when they return, do they continue where they left off or do they return to the beginning?  
* Will the user be able to configure the number of Tweets to be returned?
* Will the application remember the user and authentication information for subsequent accesses?

